---
layout: base
title: Weekly Report 02/18/2013
category: weeklyreport
tags: spring2013
---

## February 12th - February 18th

**Group Number**: 19  
**Group Advisor**: Suraj C. Kothari  
**Client**: Suraj C. Kothari  

### Accomplishments This Week

* Got the null-literal assignment test to work using the new algorithm and framework for path finding
* Met with Professor Kothari’s team and presented our progress so far this semester, and gained insight into potential issues we may run into when we test against more complex projects, as well as ideas for future work
* Continued exploring Eclipse Plugin development for the GUI

### Next Week's Plan

* Continue working on plug-in GUI
* Start coming up with example programs that will trick the current dataflow-based solution

### Issues

* Asked Ensoft to update J-Atlas to completely accommodate annotations

### Contributions

* All - 2 hours - Weekly internal group meeting, meeting with Kothari’s team
* Brian - 3 hours - Worked on porting the Null-literal test from last semester to the new framework we have built this semester.
* Jonathan Mumm - 4 hours - Worked on GUI plug-in development. Started looking at using WindowBuilder to help construct the GUI
* Matt - 3 hours - Working on implementing a regex checker based on the currently existing Null-NonNull checker.
* Jesse - 5 hours - Lead status presentations to internal group, Dr. Kothari's assistants, and Dr. Kothari (all separate meetings due to timing conflicts). Updated internal development environment to J-Atlas 12.1 (from 10.10). Further refined the scope of the project based on input from Dr. Kothari and his team.
