---
layout: base
title: Weekly Report 03/10/2013
category: weeklyreport
tags: spring2013
---

## March 4th - March 10th

**Group Number**: 19  
**Group Advisor**: Suraj C. Kothari  
**Client**: Suraj C. Kothari  

### Accomplishments This Week

* Display the target flows in our plugin GUI, and allow the user to select which flows they want to view
* Allow user to enter source/destination annotations in a dialog box from the GUI
* Created a view for the GUI that enabled running scripts in just one-click 

### Next Week's Plan

* Continue looking for or creating sample applications that demonstrate the usefulness of our application
* Continue development of plug-in GUI
* Give 2nd presentation to Professor Amariucai
* Meet with Tom/Daniel to talk about potential solutions to the context sensitivity problem

### Issues

* Asked Ensoft to update J-Atlas to completely accommodate annotations

### Contributions

* All - 1 hour - Weekly internal group meeting
* Brian - 6 hours - Worked on trying to get the plugin working on Windows, as it only seemed to work on Mac so far. Added support for displaying the list of target flows in the GUI, and allowing the user to select which flow they want to view.
* Jonathan - 4 hours - Got a view working in the GUI that provided the ability to run hard-coded scripts with the click of a button.
* Jesse - 8 hours - Fixed Eclipse errors on Windows with Brian and Jonathan’s assistance. Updated eclipse drop for the team. Added icons and toolbar options to the GUI. Updated plugin.xml to add valid category and view names. Added intelligent display titles for target flows. Updated null-literal checker to separate distinct target flows based on null literal source nodes. Updated SuppressWarning annotation support which now allows code-block exclusion from flow analysis.
